feat: add rust text game workshop (#1617)
hackclub/hackclub: workshops/rust_text_game/README.md

- `fn prompt() -> bool {`

    All functions are meant to return some output, which is either visible to the player, to other programs or parts of the same program. In this case, we define a new function called `prompt()`, which will return a value known as a `bool`, which stands for "boolean". Boolean data types can only accept two values, which are denoted with the words `true` or `false` in the Rust programming language. They're named after the mathematician George Boole and are possibly the simplest instance of [Boolean algebra](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boolean_algebra) in the field of computer science.

- `let mut input = String::new();`

    Here, we create a *mutable* `String`. *Mutability* defines whether you can change the value of a variable. Since we're *initializing* a new string (which means that we declare that the variable `input` exists and is a `String`, but there haven't been any values that have been *declared* to it yet.)

- `io::stdin().read_line(&mut input).unwrap();`

>     Here, using the `io` library again, we capture whatever the player is typing until they hit `Enter` inside the `input` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here, using the std's `io` module again, we capture whatever the player is typing until they hit `Enter` inside the `input` variable. The `&mut input` you see is Rust's syntax for creating a mutable _reference_ to a variable. In this case, that's how the `read_line` method is able to read from your standard input buffer; it places the bytes into the memory referenced by the mutable reference that it is passed. In this case, you're passing a mutable reference to `input`, so the resulting line will be placed _directly_ in that `String` without any new `String`s being created. Note that we explicitly had to add the `mut` specifier to our reference; Rust references and variables are instantiated as immutable unless we specify otherwise. In our case, we are specifying it as mutable so that it can be, well, mutated by the `read_line` method
```

> - `return input.to_ascii_lowercase().starts_with("y");`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `return input.starts_with(|ch| matches!(ch, 'y' | 'Y'));`
```

>     And finally, we check if an all-lowercase counterpart of the input's value starts with `y`. If it does, it means the input was yes (or similar), and returns `true`. If it doesn't, it's safe to assume that the player replied negatively. Therefore, we return the value `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Finally, we must check if the `input` variable starts with either a lowercase or capital `y`. We're passing what's called a closure to `starts_with`; you can think of it as a condensed function that you can pass as a parameter. Here, this closure takes the parameter `ch`, which is the character you're matching, and uses the `matches!` macro to check if it matches either "y" or (`|`) "Y". This will return the boolean `true` if it finds the match, and `false` if it doesn't.
```

### Part 4.3: Checking the answer!

In order to write a story, we'll have our program react based on the answers that the player gives. In other words, this is the part where you write your own game's logic! Inside the `intro` function, and under the `println!` macro (= a function whose name ends with `!`), add the following:

```rust
let answer = prompt();
```

You now have an (immutable) variable called `answer`, whose type is a `bool`ean (either `true` or `false`). We can now check the player's answer and take a different course of action accordingly:

Let's evaluate the answer that the player gave us!

```rust
// If the player's answer was yes, print a message

> if answer == true {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// shorthand for `if answer == true` (because matching a boolean against true yields the boolean itself; true == true -> true, false == true -> false)
if answer {
```

```
Cargo.toml
src
 ├── main.rs
 └── prompts.rs
```

In order to import the functions that we're going to write in `prompts.rs`, we should add `mod prompts;` under our first line, to inform the compiler about the existence of our new file. Your code should now look like this:

`src/main.rs`:
```rust
use std::io;
mod prompts;

fn prompt() -> bool {
    let mut input = String::new();
    io::stdin().read_line(&mut input).unwrap();

    return input.to_ascii_lowercase().starts_with("y");
}

fn main() {
	let answer = prompt();
// If the player's answer was yes, print a message
	if answer == true {
	    println!("Yay! Your aspirations will give you some very good karma later in your life.");
	// else, if the answer is no (or anything else!)
	// print a different, less friendly message
	} else {
	    println!("Boo, you're such a buzzkill!");
	}
}

```

You can read more about Rust modules here: https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/mod.html

Rust is instructed to execute the function named `intro`, which is exported from the `prompts` crate. This is an **associated** function. But, it currently doesn't exist. Let's implement it now, shall we?

> Open the `src/prompts.rs` file, and paste the following:

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't be copy pasting code in a HC workshop
